Geopy-1400 (#9)
MiraGeoscience/curve-apps: docs/source/getting_started.rst

.. contents::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

Installation
------------

Install Conda
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Install Conda for Python 3.9 or higher. Follow this link to download its Windows installer (~140 MB of disk space):

`Miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#download>`_ `(Windows x86_64) <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-Windows-x86_64.exe>`_

.. figure:: /images/getting_started/Miniforge3_Setup-1.png
    :align: center
    :width: 200

.. figure:: /images/getting_started/Miniforge3_Setup-3.png
    :align: center
    :width: 200

Registering the Conda distribution as the default Python 3.10 interpreter is totally optional.
Preferably uncheck that box if you already have Python 3 installed on your system.

.. note:: We recommend installing **Miniforge**: beyond being smaller,
    it also installs packages from the conda-forge repository by default,
    which has no restriction for commercial use, while both Miniconda and Anaconda distributions use
    the Anaconda repository by default: see `Anaconda Terms of Service <https://www.anaconda.com/terms-of-service>`_ for details.

>     In any case, the installation of **octree-creation** forces the usage of the conda-forge repository,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In any case, the installation of **curve-apps** forces the usage of the conda-forge repository,
```

    and is thus not affected by the Anaconda Terms of Service.

> Download the latest octree-creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest curve-apps
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Follow this link to `download from the GitHub repository <https://github.com/MiraGeoscience/curve-apps/archive/refs/heads/main.zip>`_.

Extract the package to your drive (SSD if available)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Extract the package to your drive, preferably an SSD if available.

.. figure:: /images/getting_started/extract.png
    :align: center
    :width: 50%

Run ``Install_or_Update.bat``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The same batch file can be used to install or update **octree-creation**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same batch file can be used to install or update **curve-apps**.
```
